README.md, before:

# [HumHub](https://github.com/humhub/humhub) Adspanel

This module is for HumHub Version 0.20+ (Yii 2) and cant be used with older versions!

## Description

This module adds a simple ads slider widget to humhub`s sidebar.  By default I integrated 6 slides.
Widget works on spaces, dashboard and profile.


## Slides/Image integration
**You have to integrate the slides manually**. 
To do it open **protected/modules/adspanel/widgets/views/adframe.php** 

near **line 11** replace my demo banners and also the demo links with Yours.
**You need very basic knowledge in HTML.**

## Caution!!!
**Do not forget to set Your Ad Blocker browser AddOn to Off on Your website**


## Installation
1. Download the module and upload it to your modules directory protected/modules
2. Rename module directory ```adspanel```
3. Enable module from >Admin>Modules


## Authors/Copyright

__Module website:__ <https://github.com/WebCrew/humhub-adspanel>  

__Author website:__ [https://github.com/WebCrew](https://github.com/WebCrew)    
                    Andreas Holzer (WebCrew)


__Special Thanks to:__ Peter Smith https://github.com/petersmithca
                       Peter Smith My module was based on Peters Adsense Module and he helped me to fix a problem.
                       
                       
__Special Thanks to:__ Felli https://github.com/Felli
                       Sarah T. gave us the japanese language files

Commit message:

Japanese and Korean Language Support
Japanese and Korean Language Support

README.md, after:

# [HumHub](https://github.com/humhub/humhub) Adspanel

This module is for HumHub Version 0.20+ (Yii 2) and cant be used with older versions!

## Description

This module adds a simple ads slider widget to humhubs sidebar.  By default I integrated 6 slides.
Widget works on spaces, dashboard and profile. The modules base language is English.

Thx to @Felli the module does come now with Japanese and Korean language files by default!


## Slides/Image integration
**You have to integrate the slides manually**. 
To do it open **protected/modules/adspanel/widgets/views/adframe.php** 

near **line 11** replace my demo banners and also the demo links with Yours.
**You need very basic knowledge in HTML.**

## Caution!!!
**Do not forget to set Your Ad Blocker browser AddOn to Off on Your website**


## Installation
1. Download the module and upload it to your modules directory protected/modules
2. Rename module directory ```adspanel```
3. Enable module from >Admin>Modules


## Authors/Copyright

__Module website:__ <https://github.com/WebCrew/humhub-adspanel>  

__Author website:__ [https://github.com/WebCrew](https://github.com/WebCrew)    
                    Andreas Holzer (WebCrew)


__Special Thanks to:__ Peter Smith https://github.com/petersmithca
                       Peter Smith My module was based on Peters Adsense Module and he helped me to fix a problem.
                       
                       
__Special Thanks to:__ Felli https://github.com/Felli
                       Sarah T. gave us the japanese language files
